Didn't you say your grandmother woke up?
Just woke up.
The patient just woke up.
You should be awake by now.
When will the doctor wake up?
It depends on the patient himself.
It's okay now anyway.
He'll wake up later. Don't fight too much.
The doctor is assured.
If you want to wake up so fast.
Damn, if he sees someone being saved, you bleed.
And what if I hit him in that car?
How good it would be if I never woke up.
It's this late.
Ten years, you and Snow Sister go back first.
I still look at men.
No, you two go home.
General manager, you haven't rested well lately.
I'm completely fine.
I'll take care of the old lady.
How is this possible?
I love you.
You don't have to stay and take care of me.
Granny.
How do you feel?
It's okay, I just fell asleep.
Granny.
Do you remember?
What happened on the day of the accident.